Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_uploading-content-larger-than-2-mb.adoc

= Uploading content larger than 2 MB

[role="_abstract"]

> To manage large packages and ISOs that exceed the standard size limit, upload large files to {Project} repositories by splitting them into smaller chunks and uploading each piece separately.

Reviewer: Maybe "sequentially" instead of "separately"?

> To manage large packages and ISOs that exceed the standard size limit, upload large files to {Project} repositories by splitting them into smaller chunks and uploading each piece sequentially.

Reviewer: From another PR by Jan IIRC: ISOs -> ISO images.

What do you think about this?

```suggestion
To upload packages and ISO images that are larger than 2 MB, split them into smaller chunks before uploading each piece to repositories in {Project} sequentially.
```
